# details for the app.

This project has a really simple design based on buzzfeed.com

### Framework: 
 * Bootstrap - I use this beacuse this is one of the best mobile first frontend frameworks now. The website is using the basic bootsrap options for breakpoints.
  
### Fonticons: 
 * FontAwesome - This is a very simple fonticon set.
  
### Skin:
 * The special css files are in the skin folder.
 * There are three .less files in the direcory.
 * The base.less conteins all the veriables, mixins, and main options like, font-faces.
 * The default.less is named after the skin/defualt folder. This is The connection file for the less files. 
  
### View folder:
 This is the folder for the basic html files. These files are used to create the view of the questions and loaded with ajax.
 * grid-wrap.html  - wrap element for the grid style answers. 
 * grid.html       - one answer with image.
 * list-wrap.html  - wrap element for list style answers.
 * list.html       - one answer with text only.
 * results.html    - the view for the result of the quiz.ű
  
### app.js
  The questions and the answers generated by the json array named questions.
  Options:
  
* id                     - the identifier of the question / Must be unique
* isActive  *(true/false)* - set the question active or inactive
* title                  - The question title 
* type      *(grid/list)*  - The types of the answers 
* multiple  *(true/false)* - Option to can be choose multiple answers
* elements - The elements based on the type there are two possibilities
  * grid
    * category_id - define the category of the answer. **must be defined on the results array**
    * description - the author/source of the image
    * subtitle - the text of the answer
    * pic_location - path or url for the image
  * list
    * category_id - define the category of the answer. **must be defined on the results array**
    * subtitle - the text of the answer
  
 ### results json array
  * The first index is defines the category
  * title - The title of the result
  * description - the description of the result
  * pic_location - path or url for the image
  * img_source - the author/source of the image
  
  **If the arrays are filled correctly the app will do the rest of the work**
  
## How it is works

To see te result the user must fill all the answers.  
If the user miss one or more questions there will be a list at the end of the page with interacive links to the missed questions.

  
